== 960 StaticMatic Generator

Want to quickly develop and maintain a static web site? This generator gets everything you need.  It uses StaticMatic and the 960 Grid System.

=== Getting Started
Create a new project

  git clone git://github.com/napcs/960static.git my_new_site
  cd my_new_site

If you already have StaticMatic and HAML installed, just do this:

  rake setup

Otherwise, you can use these commands:

  rake install
  rake setup

which will set up the prerequisites and then create the project folder

==Creating pages

You do all of your work under the src/ folder. Read more on working with StaticMatic at
http://staticmatic.rubyforge.com/

==Previewing your work

As you build your site, you'll want to see how it looks.
 
  rake preview

==Building HTML

  rake build

==Deploying

Fill in the details for your SSH server at the top of the Rakefile and then do

  rake deploy

This will minify your CSS and Javascript files, and copy the files to your server via rsync.

==License
===Rake task:

Copyright (c) 2010 Brian P. Hogan

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use,
copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
 
#===960.gs
GPL/MIT

#===Yahoo Compressor and libraries
http://developer.yahoo.com/yui/license.html




